
Supper Simple Hotdogs
1
3.3333
This is one of the default recipies, meant primarily to demonstrait the program rather than be an actualy good recipe. It is just a microwaved hot dog, I have extended the word count to test my formating code. And now for nonsence. This is a summary the summary is borring but here it is, I like pizza. Why? idk I just need to fill a word count. a government of hippocrits.
stove,microwave
hotdog,bun
Place hotdog in microwave.
Put the hot dog in a bun.
Now cook it.
Place in microwave for precicly one muinute and thirty two seconds.
Then eat it.

titl 2
2
3.333333
This is one of the default recipies.
equi,oven,toaster
ingr,hotdog,ingredient
take a hotdog
throw it in the oven
let it boil
take out after 10 muinutes
toast to perfection.

titl 3
3
3.3333333
summ 3
equi 3,equi 4,equi 5
ingr 3,ingr 4,hotdog
This is one of the default recipies, keep in mind this program is meant to show you the most accsesable recipies first and formost.
If this was atached to a large server it would need a rating syestem. However it is not.
When using this program it would be recomended to only fill it with recipies that you concider 7/10 and above.
If you smell burnt toast you are having a stroke
Or you are burning your toast. 50/50.

Sausage and Egg Sandwich
4
3.33
This one is meant to represent a very difficult recipe, but in actuality it isnt that hard. I just needed one to represent dificulty. Forget cheese and put down the ketchup! Our secret addition of DIY pickled peppers contributes a sweet, spicy element to the rich bite of egg and sausage — you'll never reach for condiments again.
large cast-iron skillet or pan
4 tsp olive oil,2 thin slices red onion,12 oz. sweet Italian sausage,2 oz. Cheddar cheese,4 large eggs,4 English muffins,6 sweet piquante pepper
Heat 2 tsp oil in large cast-iron skillet on medium.
Add onion and cook 3 minutes. With wet hands shape sausage into four 1/4-inch-thick patties.
Add to skillet with onion and increase heat to medium-high. Flip onion and cook until just tender then 2 to 3 minutes more.
Cook patties until browned 2 to 3 minutes then flip.
Separate onion slices into rings and arrange on top of patties
Then top with Cheddar and continue cooking until sausage is cooked through 2 to 3 minutes more.
Meanwhile heat remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil in large nonstick skillet on medium and cook eggs to desired doneness 4 to 5 minutes for runny yolks.
Top bottom halves of muffins with sausage then eggs pepper slices and parsley.